Welcome to the Privacy Experiment on the CES 2022 Dataset

Some things to note:

    o The dataset is the first 20000 rows of the full 60000 row dataset,
      of which params.yaml subsamples 16000.
    o Custom change in dvc.yaml to copy a canned copy of schema.edn into
      the data directory rather than run through guess-schema. It was 
      taking too long and all of the statistical types are explicitly
      set in params.yaml
    o Custom change in dvc.yaml to set --jobs 4 in xcat-complete-import
      because I had some trouble running out of memory, but this was 
      with a larger version of the dataset so likely not an issue. No
      harm, though.
    o Custom change to scripts/predict.py to save the classivier's
      predictive probabilities as a new column in data/predictions.csv
      (needed for the ROC plot)
    o For demonstration purposes we recode the target feature CC22_320a
      (President Biden's approval rating in 2022) from a 5-tuple to a
      binary choice in which "Strongly approve" and "Somewhat approve"
      both map to 1 and all other responses (including "Not sure")
      mapped to 0.
    o Four modeling runs were done with the parameters in params.yaml
      (16000 row subsample, 16 sample_count, 200 loom extra_passes,
      600 minutes of runtime for CGPM). This gave a little over 32
      CGPM iterations. In all four runs the random seed was the same.
    o Full copies of the data and qc directories, as well as the main
      configuration files for each modeling run are available in
      privacy/models under the subdirectories:

	original/	Model built from the original dataset
	synthetic/	Model built from a synthetic dataset that
			was generated from the original model
	edited/		Model built from the synthetic dataset
			with two features:
				presvote16post
				presvote20post
			held independent of the target CC22_302a
			feature (see params.yaml)
	extra/		Model built from the synthetic dataset
			with five features:
				presvote16post
				presvote20post
				ideo5
				pew_religimp
				religpew
			held independent of the target CC22_302a
			feature (see params.yaml)
    o The features held independent in the 'edited' and 'extra'
      models were those with the highest mutual information shared
      with CC22_320a:
				presvote20post	0.443
				presvote16post	0.328
				ideo5		0.288
				pew_religimp	0.076
				religpew	0.067
    o The model currently found in the main data subdirectory is the 'extra'
      model.
    o I should have renamed the target feature from the beginning... Lesson
      learned!

PROCEDURE

The goal here was to generate a classifer on the data from each model after
mapping the values for the CC22_320a feature from a five-tuple to binary as
described above. The way this was done is to copy each of the four CSV files
that serve as inputs to the 'predict' stage to

	target-as-5tuple/{original,synthetic,edited,extra}/.

along with the corresponding schema.edn file. Then convert the data from the
target column to binary, write the modified files to

	target-as-binary/{original,synthetic,edited,extra}/

along with the corresponding schema.edn file. Then run the same prediction
command found in dvc.yaml on these modified files and generate a new output
predictions.csv file. Statistics and an ROC plot are then generated from 
the new predictions.csv file.

HOWTO

Once the relevant CSV files have been copied from the models to appropriate
subdirectories in target-as-5tuple, run

	privacy/scripts/convert-files-to-binary

Now to generate the predictions you'll need to enter the 'devenv shell'
environment and run

	privacy/make-predictions original
	privacy/make-predictions synthetic
	privacy/make-predictions edited
	privacy/make-predictions extra

To evaluate the classifier predictions via common metrics you need to:

    (1) exit from the 'devenv shell' environment
    (2) cd to one of the subdirectories under target-as-binary,
        for example, 'original':

	cd privacy/target-as-binary/original

    (3) execute

	../../scripts/evaluate-classifier-statistics

    (4) Generate an ROC plot

	../../scripts/evaluate-classifier-roc

CONCERNS

Please look at privacy/scripts/evaluate-classifier-roc to make sure it is
doing the right thing with the predictions.csv data.
